
From when you left:

1. Changed .htaccess file (see commented out lines). 
   - reverse the changes to get back to your wamp config.
2. Set up local docker MySQL and restored your DB into it.
3. Changed all http://localhost/mySite references in MySQL table wp_options to http://localhost:8080
   - change them back (or restore an old DB) to undo for wamp setup.
   - did this in both the docker mysql and the remote mysql at weston.
   - created a new connection in wp-config.php to your docker container MySQL.  All you need to do is
     comment out the new block and uncomment the old block to re-enable the remote-db connection.
4. Created new entries in wp-config.php for the docker mysql.

Its all working fine, but what you should do now is:

1. If you are happy with docker (you still may need to change some hard-coded localhost/MySite 
   references in PHP) then uninstall the WAMP app.  Make sure the WAMP Apache server and WAMP MySQL 
   services are uninstalled from your computer, and remove all PHP and other apps you can find 
   that were bundled with WAMP if they dont get uninstalled.  Basically uninstall, then delete 
   the WAMP folder.
   My advice is not to try to run both, you'll just get confused.  Commit to one or the other.
2. Uninstall Windows IIS and the non-WAMP MySQL windows services. You could uninstall MySQL but
   disable IIS as IIS is hard to remove - (don't set to manual  manual 'cause windows occasionally 
   starts manual services -if it feels like it or the stars are aligned).
3. You can then remove the port forwarding in each of the containers.  What you would do is 
   forward port 80 host to port 80 container for the wordpress container, and 3306 to 3306 for 
   the MySQL container, then redeploy. After you do that,
   - in wp-options table in MySQL remove the :8080 bits (filter for 8080 in workbench)
   - in MySQL Workbench change the port to 3306.
   Then you will be able to access the site using http://localhost/

   Then do the same to your laptop ---->
   I have an idea on how we could make the db more portable between dockers.